This mod is focused on adding more items and ways to become a shapeshifter. 
Armor sets built from boss remains to impersonate them and gain their abilities.
Other things like emblems, coming at a higher cost but only taking up an accessory slot to obtain the shape.

Content :
-King Slime's shape. Become the ruler of the slimes!
-The Eye of Cthulhu's shape. Become rage incarnate!
-The Eater of World's shape. Become the corrupted worm!
-The Brain of Cthulhu's shape. Become the malicious brain!
-Queen Bee's shape. Become the swarm queen!
-Skeletron's shape. Become the cursed guardian!
-The Wall of Flesh's shape. Become the hungry abomination!
-The Mechamalgam's shape. Become the energy-powered amalgam!
-Plantera's shape. Become the evergrowing plant!
-The Golem's shape. Become the ancient construct!
-Duke Fishron's shape. Become the mutant fish!
-Moon Lord's shape. Become the eldritch god!
-The Lunatic Cultist's shape. Become the mystic sorcerer!

v2.0
Added Emblems and a new mod icon, credits to Zoomo for the sprites! Now you can have shapes without taking up armor slots. Tweaked a few shapes.
v1.7.7
Reworked Plantera, Golem, Fishron, Moon Lord and Lunatic Cultist's armors. Changed a few things around.
v1.7.6
Reworked Queen Bee, Skeletron, Wall of Flesh and Mechamalgam's armors. Tweaked and fixed a few things as well. Set effects won't show over vanity now.
v1.7.3
Added Expert item recipes! Changed the WoF recipe to now use the Demon Heart.
v1.7
Implemented a whole new internal shape system(thanks Jofairden), added a way to analyze your own shape.
v1.6.5
Reworked King Slime, Eye of Cthulhu, Eater of World and Brain of Cthulhu's armors. Added a few new abilities and fixed a MP bug!
v1.6.4
Revamped the abilities of the Lunatic Shapearmor.  You can still kill pillars through their shield with the shockwaves, that's intended!
v1.6.3.4
Added Hamstar's Helpers support.
v1.6.3.3
Made the Mechamalgam legs corruption free! You can get them even if your worlds is crimson!
v1.6.3.2
Added more info to the buff descriptions.
v1.6.3.1
Changed the WoF Shapeplate recipe.
v1.6.3
Added a charged jump for King Slime's Armor.
Fixed Duke Fishron's Armor damage type changes.
v1.6.2
Added Lunatic Cultist Armor.
v1.5.2
Changed Skeletron Armor sprites.
Updated to v0.10.1.
v1.5
Added Moon Lord Armor.
v1.4
Added Duke Fishron Armor.
v1.3
Added Golem Armor.
v1.2
Added Plantera Armor.
v1.1.3
Hotfix for the Laser bug with summons.
v1.1
Added Mechamalgam Armor.
v1.0
Added Wall of Flesh Armor.
Random fixes and changes.
v0.8
Added Queen Bee Armor.
Random fixes and changes.
v0.6
Added Eater of World Armor.
Added Brain of Cthulhu Armor.
Random fixes and changes.
V0.3.1
Made some balancing.
V0.3
Added Skeletron Armor.
V0.2
Added Eye of Cthulhu Armor.
Buffed the King Slime Armor.
V0.1
Added King Slime Armor.